App File Name : tapper.apk
Team Name : TITANS
Country : India
Region : 10
Tapper is a two-way communication app that allows the deafblind to send and receive messages with friends, family or anybody else through their smartphones
. It translates Morse Code input into text or voice and vice versa. For the deafblind. A deafblind person can send a message from the app by tapping
on the screen using Morse Code—where all letters of the English alphabet are combinations of dots and dashes. The letters can be input as short tap for a dot and long press for a dash. Likewise, 
incoming messages can be understood as vibrations by the deafblind, where small vibration means a dot and long vibration means a dash .For people with normal sight and hearing. Anyone can send a message, by typing or speaking. It has a standard chat/voice interface that delivers the message to the deafblind person as Morse Code vibrations. Tapper app will have an 'Always On' setting. Once the app is installed in Deafblind mode, the setting allows the app to automatically open on the phone of the deafblind even after a restart.The deafblind have to simply input the short name of the recipient in the first message to them and send.The initial download and registration is required to be done by the caregiver. Once the contacts have been added, the deafblind can use the app on their own.

short description 
tapper is  a two-way communication app that allows the deafblind to send and receive messages with friends, family or anybody else through their smartphones. It translates Morse Code input into text or voice and vice versa.
How it Work 
For the deafblind. A deafblind person can send a message from the app by tapping on the screen using Morse Code—where all letters of the English alphabet are combinations of dots and dashes. The letters can be input as short tap for a dot and long press for a dash. Likewise, incoming messages can be understood as vibrations by the deafblind, where small vibration means a dot and long vibration means a dash.
For people with normal sight and hearing. Anyone can send a message, by typing or speaking. It has a standard chat/voice interface that delivers the message to the deafblind person as Morse Code vibrations.

